Comments: 
As we can see there is, in fact, a difference between the two processors that we are testing. 
But this difference is only visible on the response times while executing the different algorithms.
Therefore as we cn also see, the algorithms have the same behavior independently of the Architecture.

So, analizyng every algorithm in a more exhaustive way we can observe these facts:

    1.  Using small vector sizes, we can not appreciate a big difference between one
        and another algorithm, as they have very similar response times. But the difference
        between them appears when we set a large vector size, where both Algorithm C and D
        increments dramatically the response time in comparison to the other algorithms.
    
    2.  The behaviors of the algorithms are very close to the Exponential behavior 
        as they don't grow following a straight line (what happens if the response time would 
        have growth in a propotional way). So we can state that multiplying the input by 10 
        does not imply that the response time will grow 10 times too, it will grow much more.
    
    3.  There is not an absolute 'winner', there is not an algorithm that is always the fastest
        one, as it depends on the vector size, in very low vector sizes the fastes Algorithm is B
        but when th einput grows the fastest algorithm is A. That leads to think that if you want
        to compute very small vector sizes you should use the Algorithm B and if you want to compute
        very large vector you should use A, but it is a little bit tricky as if we look the difference
        on the response times, there is not a notorious difference between A and B in small vector
        sizes. So this can generally be insignificant, but if we are trying to be as precise as 
        possible (for example in real time programs or distributed systems) it is a fact that algorithm
        B is faster than A in the very beggining. 

        A very different situation exist talking about the 'looser', as the worse algorithm talking
        about response times is Algorithm C, this algorithm has proved that is very unneficent
        as it's response time is the one tha grows faster and faster with respect to the others.